Do you know the person standing in front of you?
It's Sister Red Star
Hahaha, I think your woman is crazy.
Dare to pretend to be the eldest sister here
Don't you want to live one by one?
Haha, how is it?
He spent just 7 years
The generation of Tianjiao who led Red Star to the peak
How could you be a woman who can compare?
What are you?
It doesn't even match to lift shoes for the eldest sister
Have you seen the eldest sister?
Big sister, the dragon sees the head and the tail
Naturally not so easy to see
Although I have never seen the eldest sister
He could never be a woman like you
If you just offend our Zhao family
The person behind you may still be able to keep it
But you dare to pretend to be the eldest sister
Hahahaha
Even if the gods come, they can't save you
You are dead.
Zhao Yunxue
You better call. It's important
otherwise
It delayed me going to the hospital to visit my eldest sister's family.
I want your life!
What White Hall Master
You said that the eldest sister's family is sick
What's going on here?
Is it serious?
Do you need my Zhao family to do something for the eldest sister?
Ah Hall Master Bai
Here's a woman posing as a big sister
They captured my family
And humiliated you
Come over here
Can't you let him go?
What!
There is such a thing
eldest sister
I hate it when others do evil under his banner
Please send me the address now.
I'm going to peel his skin